Thanks for downloading BangDB Embedded(lib)!

Install and run
---------------

Create a base folder/dir, untar the download file there.
BangDB requires bangdb.config file as an input, you may leave it in the same folder as your application.

The binary links with several libraries, few of these are provided along with the download in the lib folder.
However, please ensure you have following libs on the machine (most of these might already be there or 
simply get from appropriate repo(apt, yum etc.)

First install "build-essential" (ubuntu) or "Development Tools" on centos 
sudo apt-get install build-essential [ ubuntu]
sudo yum groupinstall 'Development Tools' [ centos ]

Second, ensure that you have installed java8, python3

Then it needs certain other libs to be installed
ssl, crypto, curl, rt, dl, X11, pthread, lapack, blas, python3 
Note: for python, pls pick the right binary based on which version you would like to link with 3.5, 3.6, 3.8 so on..

Finally it also needs lib mitie, dlib which is present in the download folder

Run install.sh to have several soft links configured as required

Build sample app
----------------

You may write your applications using the client.
Please see getting started with client at bangdb.com/developer

However you may simply get started by building the sample app provided here

Following steps would help;

A. link with the bangdb-embd-cpp only
B. include the headers in the include folder

that's it!
You may use following to build sample.cpp and run [ pls do start server before running it ]

compile ....
	g++ -O3 -Wall sample.cpp -osample -Iinclude -Llib -lbangdb-embd-cpp

run...
	export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=.:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:lib [ may be needed ]
	./sample

OR
you may take bench from download section and run the benchmark tests...

Note: bangdb.config is required to run any app (keep in the same folder as exe)

Use the detail API and dev section at the bangdb.com

Enjoy!



BangDB Config : bangdb.config file. Keep this file in the base dir of your application

bangdb.config - using this you can set various run time config for the db. Also it provides
enough hadles with tune the core and internals of db to run in the best possible manner depending upon
the host configuration and boundaries. The config file has details before each of these paramaeters and also
structured in a manner to allow you to pick and modify things in rather confortable way

Please refer www.bangdb.com/developer section to get most of the detail info as needed
Please feel free to write to me at sachin@bangdb.com for any info, clarity, feedback etc.

We are working hard to provide more help and information on our website and also for next 3 months,
we will be releasing and updating BangDB on weekly basis. To update with new version, you won't need 
to do much except,
1. stop the db
2. copy new bangdb-embd binaries
3. re run the db

Hope you find the db useful and it helps you solve some of the problems for you.
Looking forward to connect with you soon
Enjoy!

